# Dissertation
My dissertation on World Energy Consumption using different ML Algorithms.


The project topic that I conceptualized for my MSc project is called, ”World Energy Consumption" which was suggested by me and was approved by my project supervisor. It's basically about collecting energy consumption data from different countries around the globe and giving solutions for minimizing or optimizing energy consumption. I will be using the dataset maintained by Our World in Data. So for my project, I will be using a dataset having categorical data columns which will help with data visualization, Numerical data columns which will be helpful for statistical applications, and where we can apply different analytical questions and get valuable insights. I’ll be using different python libraries like pandas, numpy, matplotlib.plot, plotly, and many more which will serve different purpose and I will build different Machine Learning Models like Classification, Regression, and Clustering which will optimize the production and consumption of energies like coal_production, biofuel_electricity, hydro_electricity and so on. 
During my term, I studied different modules like Data Visualization, Statistical analysis and Machine Learning and Programming Fundamentals which I will be using mainly for my project. The Data Visualization module will help me visualize the dataset and get effective results and the statistical analysis will help with all the data analysis and Time Series analysis that I will be doing on the dataset with the help of ML module, I will be building different ML models and I will be using python for writing the codes to achieve the required tasks.
